README.md, before:

# [React Template](https://github.com/tomchochola/react-template) by [Tomáš Chochola](https://github.com/tomchochola)

Kickstart React projects with ease: our template includes essential setups and tooling for dynamic web app development. Streamline your workflow for efficient, high-quality builds.

Our React Template is crafted to expedite your development process, providing a sophisticated setup with premium tooling configurations for building dynamic and responsive web applications. This starter kit is designed to get you up and running quickly, bypassing the usual setup hurdles. It encompasses React best practices and the latest development trends, ensuring your project is built on a robust, future-proof foundation. From essential configurations like ESLint and Prettier to advanced setups for React Router and Webpack, everything is pre-configured to enhance your productivity and project quality from the start.

## 👌 Top Reasons to Opt for Our Premium React Template

By integrating our Premium React Template into your development process, you're not just beginning a project; you're embracing a strategic advantage that enhances development efficiency, ensures code quality, and elevates the user experience of your web applications.

### ⏱️ Setup in Just 5 Minutes

Kickstart your React projects with unparalleled ease using our React Template. Designed for a swift setup, this template allows you to jump straight into development, bypassing the usual configuration hurdles and boilerplate setup.

### 🕒 Hundreds of Hours of Research, So You Don't Have To

Benefit from our comprehensive research into React best practices, premium tooling configurations, and the latest in web development trends. Our React Template is a distilled essence of industry expertise, ensuring your project is built on a solid, future-proof foundation.

### 🎚️ Minimal Setup, Maximum Productivity

Dive into your React projects with a template that’s pre-configured for efficiency. From ESLint and Prettier to Stylelint and Webpack, we've taken care of the setup so you can focus on creating dynamic and responsive web applications.

### 📘 Zero Expertise Required

Whether you're a seasoned React developer or new to the ecosystem, our React Template is designed to be intuitive and easy to use. With clear documentation and a scalable project structure, you can start building immediately, regardless of your experience level.

### 🔄 Continuously Updated

Stay ahead of the curve in the fast-paced world of web development. Our React Template is regularly updated to incorporate the latest React features, optimizations, and best practices, keeping your projects modern and competitive.

### ⚔️ Battle-Tested Reliability

Depend on a React starter kit that has been rigorously tested across diverse web applications. Our template provides a reliable and maintainable starting point for your React projects, ensuring high-quality results from the get-go.

### 🏆 Premier Quality Guarantee

Choosing our React Template is a testament to your commitment to excellence. This isn't just a starting point for React projects; it's a comprehensive development environment that sets you up for success, reflecting the highest standards in web development.

## 🛡️ License & Usage

**Copyright © 2024+ Tomáš Chochola <chocholatom1997@gmail.com> - All Rights Reserved**

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-©_Proprietary-blue.svg)](LICENSE.md)

This software is the exclusive property of Tomáš Chochola, protected by copyright laws.<br />
Although the source code may be accessible, it is not free for use without a valid license.<br />
A valid license, obtainable through proper channels, is required for any software use.<br />
For licensing or inquiries, please contact Tomáš Chochola or refer to the GitHub Sponsors page.

The full license terms are detailed in the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file within the source code repository.<br />
The terms are subject to changes. Users are encouraged to review them periodically.

### Acquiring a License

To use this template, you must obtain a valid license available through a monthly subscription on the [GitHub Sponsors platform](https://github.com/sponsors/tomchochola).<br />
This platform has been chosen for its reliability and ease of use, providing a secure and straightforward way to manage your subscription.

### Note on Proprietary Dependencies

This template may include or rely on proprietary libraries/packages.<br />
Review and ensure your license covers the usage of these dependencies, or remove/replace them as needed.

## 🖍️ Highlights

- **React-Specific Configuration**: Tailored specifically for React development, this template includes setups for React Router and optimized build processes for React applications.
- **Comprehensive Premium Configurations**: Leverages Tomáš Chochola's premium configurations for ESLint, Prettier, Stylelint, TypeScript, and Webpack, ensuring code quality and consistency.
- **Development Efficiency**: Offers predefined Makefile commands for routine tasks like linting, building, and serving, enhancing your development workflow.
- **Scalable Project Structure**: With a clear and maintainable structure, including components and routes, this template is ideal for React projects of any scale.

## 🎨 Preconfigured Features

The React Template encapsulates a myriad of preconfigured features to streamline the development of dynamic and responsive web applications:

- **ESLint**: Utilizes `@tomchochola/eslint-config` for JavaScript and TypeScript linting, ensuring adherence to coding standards and enhancing code quality.
- **Prettier**: Integrated with `@tomchochola/prettier-config` for code formatting, providing a consistent code style across the project.
- **Stylelint**: Configured with `@tomchochola/stylelint-config` for CSS and SCSS linting, maintaining the quality and consistency of stylesheets.
- **TypeScript Configuration**: Incorporates `@tomchochola/typescript-config` for TypeScript, offering strong typing and advanced JavaScript features for scalable application development.
- **Webpack Configuration**: Leverages `@tomchochola/webpack-config` for asset bundling and optimization, tailored for React applications to ensure efficient loading and performance.
- **PostCSS Configuration**: Uses `@tomchochola/postcss-config` for transforming CSS with JavaScript, enabling features like autoprefixing and future CSS syntax.
- **Development Tools**: Features predefined Makefile commands (`make local`, `make testing`, `make development`, `make staging`, `make production`, `make serve`, `make assets`, `make transpile`) for tasks such as linting, building, serving, and optimizing assets, facilitating a smooth development workflow.
- **Scalable Project Structure**: The template is structured for scalability, accommodating a wide range of React projects, from single-page applications to complex web applications with multiple routes and components.
- **Dotfiles**: Comes with essential configuration files (.gitignore, .editorconfig, .gitattributes, .prettierignore) pre-set to maintain a clean and consistent coding environment across various platforms and editors, ensuring smooth collaboration and integration.

## 🎬 Get Started

### 1️⃣ License Acquisition

Secure your license at [Tomáš Chochola's GitHub Sponsors page](https://github.com/sponsors/tomchochola).

### 2️⃣ Project Creation

Use the `Use this template` button on the GitHub repository page to create a new repository from this template.<br />
Select `Create a new repository` in the dropdown and follow the prompts.

### 3️⃣ Customize Your Project

Explore the generated repository.<br />
Remove unnecessary components and adjust it to fit your project's needs.

### 4️⃣ Attribution

To comply with the license agreement regarding giving credits to the authors, please keep the `AUTHORS.md` file intact in your project repository.<br />
Alternatively please ensure to manually give credits to the authors in your project documentation or wherever appropriate, as per the license agreement.

### 5️⃣ Usage

The template includes a Makefile with predefined goals to streamline development:

```shell
# Set up for environment-specific setups
make local
make testing
make development
make staging
make production

# Update all dependencies
make update

# Automatically fix code style issues
make fix

# Run linters and static analysis tools
make check

# Start a local development server
make serve

# Optimize assets
make assets

# Transpile code
make transpile
```

## 🤵 The Proprietor: Tomáš Chochola

Elite developer crafting exclusive, enterprise-grade software, professional packages, and premium templates to elevate your digital landscape.

- **Role**: The Creator, Proprietor & Project Visionary
- **Email:** <chocholatom1997@gmail.com>
- **GitHub:** [https://github.com/tomchochola](https://github.com/tomchochola)
- **Sponsor & License:** [https://github.com/sponsors/tomchochola](https://github.com/sponsors/tomchochola)

## 🌐 Discover Tomáš Chochola's GitHub Universe

Explore the boundless creativity and innovation in [Tomáš Chochola's GitHub repository](https://github.com/tomchochola). As the epicenter of my digital creations, it offers an extensive collection of avant-garde software packages, refined libraries, and polished templates, meticulously crafted to enhance your development journey. Immerse yourself in a world where efficiency and elegance converge, and elevate your projects with tools that redefine excellence.

## 💰 Empower Innovation: Support and Subscribe

Your support transcends mere contributions; it's the lifeblood of innovation and growth. By subscribing for premium access or becoming a sponsor, you directly contribute to the advancement of high-caliber software. Embrace the opportunity to be part of a visionary journey by visiting my [GitHub Sponsors profile](https://github.com/sponsors/tomchochola).

## 🤝 Join Forces with Tomáš Chochola

Embark on a collaborative venture with a developer whose passion for perfection knows no bounds. Whether it's for groundbreaking startups, global enterprises, or transformative government projects, my arsenal of skills is at your command. Let's merge visions and craftsmanship to forge software that stands a class apart. Connect with me at [chocholatom1997@gmail.com](mailto:chocholatom1997@gmail.com) for collaborations that transcend conventional boundaries.

Commit message:

Transfer project to github.com/premierstacks organization

README.md, after:

# [React Template](https://github.com/premierstacks/react-template) by [Tomáš Chochola](https://github.com/tomchochola)

Kickstart React projects with ease: our template includes essential setups and tooling for dynamic web app development. Streamline your workflow for efficient, high-quality builds.

Our React Template is crafted to expedite your development process, providing a sophisticated setup with premium tooling configurations for building dynamic and responsive web applications. This starter kit is designed to get you up and running quickly, bypassing the usual setup hurdles. It encompasses React best practices and the latest development trends, ensuring your project is built on a robust, future-proof foundation. From essential configurations like ESLint and Prettier to advanced setups for React Router and Webpack, everything is pre-configured to enhance your productivity and project quality from the start.

## 👌 Top Reasons to Opt for Our Premium React Template

By integrating our Premium React Template into your development process, you're not just beginning a project; you're embracing a strategic advantage that enhances development efficiency, ensures code quality, and elevates the user experience of your web applications.

### ⏱️ Setup in Just 5 Minutes

Kickstart your React projects with unparalleled ease using our React Template. Designed for a swift setup, this template allows you to jump straight into development, bypassing the usual configuration hurdles and boilerplate setup.

### 🕒 Hundreds of Hours of Research, So You Don't Have To

Benefit from our comprehensive research into React best practices, premium tooling configurations, and the latest in web development trends. Our React Template is a distilled essence of industry expertise, ensuring your project is built on a solid, future-proof foundation.

### 🎚️ Minimal Setup, Maximum Productivity

Dive into your React projects with a template that’s pre-configured for efficiency. From ESLint and Prettier to Stylelint and Webpack, we've taken care of the setup so you can focus on creating dynamic and responsive web applications.

### 📘 Zero Expertise Required

Whether you're a seasoned React developer or new to the ecosystem, our React Template is designed to be intuitive and easy to use. With clear documentation and a scalable project structure, you can start building immediately, regardless of your experience level.

### 🔄 Continuously Updated

Stay ahead of the curve in the fast-paced world of web development. Our React Template is regularly updated to incorporate the latest React features, optimizations, and best practices, keeping your projects modern and competitive.

### ⚔️ Battle-Tested Reliability

Depend on a React starter kit that has been rigorously tested across diverse web applications. Our template provides a reliable and maintainable starting point for your React projects, ensuring high-quality results from the get-go.

### 🏆 Premier Quality Guarantee

Choosing our React Template is a testament to your commitment to excellence. This isn't just a starting point for React projects; it's a comprehensive development environment that sets you up for success, reflecting the highest standards in web development.

## 🛡️ License & Usage

**Copyright © 2024+ Tomáš Chochola <chocholatom1997@gmail.com> - All Rights Reserved**

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-©_Proprietary-blue.svg)](LICENSE.md)

This software is the exclusive property of Tomáš Chochola, protected by copyright laws.<br />
Although the source code may be accessible, it is not free for use without a valid license.<br />
A valid license, obtainable through proper channels, is required for any software use.<br />
For licensing or inquiries, please contact Tomáš Chochola or refer to the GitHub Sponsors page.

The full license terms are detailed in the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file within the source code repository.<br />
The terms are subject to changes. Users are encouraged to review them periodically.

### Acquiring a License

To use this template, you must obtain a valid license available through a monthly subscription on the [GitHub Sponsors platform](https://github.com/sponsors/tomchochola).<br />
This platform has been chosen for its reliability and ease of use, providing a secure and straightforward way to manage your subscription.

### Note on Proprietary Dependencies

This template may include or rely on proprietary libraries/packages.<br />
Review and ensure your license covers the usage of these dependencies, or remove/replace them as needed.

## 🖍️ Highlights

- **React-Specific Configuration**: Tailored specifically for React development, this template includes setups for React Router and optimized build processes for React applications.
- **Comprehensive Premium Configurations**: Leverages Tomáš Chochola's premium configurations for ESLint, Prettier, Stylelint, TypeScript, and Webpack, ensuring code quality and consistency.
- **Development Efficiency**: Offers predefined Makefile commands for routine tasks like linting, building, and serving, enhancing your development workflow.
- **Scalable Project Structure**: With a clear and maintainable structure, including components and routes, this template is ideal for React projects of any scale.

## 🎨 Preconfigured Features

The React Template encapsulates a myriad of preconfigured features to streamline the development of dynamic and responsive web applications:

- **ESLint**: Utilizes `@premierstacks/eslint-config` for JavaScript and TypeScript linting, ensuring adherence to coding standards and enhancing code quality.
- **Prettier**: Integrated with `@premierstacks/prettier-config` for code formatting, providing a consistent code style across the project.
- **Stylelint**: Configured with `@premierstacks/stylelint-config` for CSS and SCSS linting, maintaining the quality and consistency of stylesheets.
- **TypeScript Configuration**: Incorporates `@premierstacks/typescript-config` for TypeScript, offering strong typing and advanced JavaScript features for scalable application development.
- **Webpack Configuration**: Leverages `@premierstacks/webpack-config` for asset bundling and optimization, tailored for React applications to ensure efficient loading and performance.
- **PostCSS Configuration**: Uses `@premierstacks/postcss-config` for transforming CSS with JavaScript, enabling features like autoprefixing and future CSS syntax.
- **Development Tools**: Features predefined Makefile commands (`make local`, `make testing`, `make development`, `make staging`, `make production`, `make serve`, `make assets`, `make transpile`) for tasks such as linting, building, serving, and optimizing assets, facilitating a smooth development workflow.
- **Scalable Project Structure**: The template is structured for scalability, accommodating a wide range of React projects, from single-page applications to complex web applications with multiple routes and components.
- **Dotfiles**: Comes with essential configuration files (.gitignore, .editorconfig, .gitattributes, .prettierignore) pre-set to maintain a clean and consistent coding environment across various platforms and editors, ensuring smooth collaboration and integration.

## 🎬 Get Started

### 1️⃣ License Acquisition

Secure your license at [Tomáš Chochola's GitHub Sponsors page](https://github.com/sponsors/tomchochola).

### 2️⃣ Project Creation

Use the `Use this template` button on the GitHub repository page to create a new repository from this template.<br />
Select `Create a new repository` in the dropdown and follow the prompts.

### 3️⃣ Customize Your Project

Explore the generated repository.<br />
Remove unnecessary components and adjust it to fit your project's needs.

### 4️⃣ Attribution

To comply with the license agreement regarding giving credits to the authors, please keep the `AUTHORS.md` file intact in your project repository.<br />
Alternatively please ensure to manually give credits to the authors in your project documentation or wherever appropriate, as per the license agreement.

### 5️⃣ Usage

The template includes a Makefile with predefined goals to streamline development:

```shell
# Set up for environment-specific setups
make local
make testing
make development
make staging
make production

# Update all dependencies
make update

# Automatically fix code style issues
make fix

# Run linters and static analysis tools
make check

# Start a local development server
make serve

# Optimize assets
make assets

# Transpile code
make transpile
```

## 🤵 The Proprietor: Tomáš Chochola

Elite developer crafting exclusive, enterprise-grade software, professional packages, and premium templates to elevate your digital landscape.

- **Role**: The Creator, Proprietor & Project Visionary
- **Email:** <chocholatom1997@gmail.com>
- **GitHub:** [https://github.com/tomchochola](https://github.com/tomchochola)
- **Sponsor & License:** [https://github.com/sponsors/tomchochola](https://github.com/sponsors/tomchochola)

## 🌐 Discover Tomáš Chochola's GitHub Universe

Explore the boundless creativity and innovation in [Tomáš Chochola's GitHub repository](https://github.com/tomchochola). As the epicenter of my digital creations, it offers an extensive collection of avant-garde software packages, refined libraries, and polished templates, meticulously crafted to enhance your development journey. Immerse yourself in a world where efficiency and elegance converge, and elevate your projects with tools that redefine excellence.

## 💰 Empower Innovation: Support and Subscribe

Your support transcends mere contributions; it's the lifeblood of innovation and growth. By subscribing for premium access or becoming a sponsor, you directly contribute to the advancement of high-caliber software. Embrace the opportunity to be part of a visionary journey by visiting my [GitHub Sponsors profile](https://github.com/sponsors/tomchochola).

## 🤝 Join Forces with Tomáš Chochola

Embark on a collaborative venture with a developer whose passion for perfection knows no bounds. Whether it's for groundbreaking startups, global enterprises, or transformative government projects, my arsenal of skills is at your command. Let's merge visions and craftsmanship to forge software that stands a class apart. Connect with me at [chocholatom1997@gmail.com](mailto:chocholatom1997@gmail.com) for collaborations that transcend conventional boundaries.
